PRIVACY POLICY - FNGR BOOSTING
Posted:11/16/2025 Effective:11/17/2025 
This Privacy Policy describes how FNGR BOOSTING collects and uses your personal data that you provide.
In this Privacy Policy, all of our files, downloads, and downloadable content is referred to collectively as the “Products”. This policy describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal data and how you can access and update this data. 
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us via +1 (570)-224-1678. By using the Products you agree to be bound by this policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not provide us with any personal information and do not use the Products.
The Products are intended for a general audience. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. We will delete any personal information collected that we later determine to be from a user younger than the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 and you believe he or she has disclosed personal information to us, please contact +1 (570)-224-1678.
The Sites are provided to users from the United States. If you are from outside the United States and visit the Sites, please be aware that the data protection laws in the United States may differ from those of the country where you are located, and your personal information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the United States according to the laws of the United States. In addition, such data may be stored outside your resident jurisdiction and in jurisdictions that may have less stringent privacy practices than your own. By using the Sites or providing us with any information, you consent to the transfer to, and processing, usage, sharing, and storage of your information, including personal information, in the United States as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
If you are a California resident, you have certain rights as provided in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). For the CCPA-specific provisions of this Privacy Policy, please see Section I below.

I. CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT
Due to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), we do not allow Californian Citizens to use our products. We have measures in place to stop them from using our Products. Though, we cannot distinguish if a user is using means of hiding their location. so we are not liable for the data collected from users in California using a proxy, vpn, virtual machine, or other means to bypass showing their location. (Location to determine whether user is in California or not is not stored or used.)

II. INFORMATION COLLECTED ON THE SITE
FNGR BOOSTING may obtain various types of personal data about users of the Products. This data may include:

- Contact information (name, address, phone number, and email address);and,
- Information collected through Internet-based activities such as information obtained from log files, clear gifs (*e.*, web bugs), and scripts.

We also use certain tracking technologies described below to collect, store, or accumulate certain non-personally identifiable information concerning your use of this Site, including your browsing history, preferences, internet addresses, unique identifiers, device types, device location, and other similar information.

III. INFORMATION COLLECTED THROUGH SOFTWARE AND SERVICES
When using the Products we may also collect the following information about your computer or other device, including:

- Device information, such as the operating system version, processor type, disk space, memory space, and number of drivers;
- Information about software on your computer, including the version of certain software programs and when they were installed and/or upgraded; and
- Information collected from logs, keystroke logs, configuration files, registry keys, and other system or software-level information.

IV. RETAINING, STORING, AND ACCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
You may correct, amend, delete, or update your personal information by contacting +1 (570)-224-1678.
We will retain your information for as long as we want, unless you request it to be deleted. We will retain and use your information as reasonably necessary to conduct our business, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

V. INFORMATION USAGE
You hereby agree that FNGR BOOSTING may use the personal data you submit in order to:

- Accomplish its business purposes, including to deliver or provide the Products, establish or maintain customer and business relationships, improve the Products, provide access to Internet-based and e-commerce activities, and conduct other activities as necessary or appropriate in connection with the Products.

VI. INFORMATION SECURITY
Your data is of the utmost importance to us. We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and other transmission technologies to encrypt your personal data so it cannot be read in transit.

Please note, however, that although we employ industry-standard security measures to safeguard the security of your personal information, no transmissions made on or through the Internet are guaranteed to be secure. Therefore, we cannot ensure the absolute security of any information you transmit to us, and you use our Site and provide us with your information at your own risk.

VII. MISCELLANEOUS
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes to our information practices. When we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the “Posted” and “Effective” dates at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. If the changes to the Privacy Policy are material, we will notify you a notice on the Site.
